I'm afraid that will be your biggest lie of the day.
What you call a pick-up
Just looking for those young and beautiful women
Introduce your own mansion
After all, you are not like ordinary citizens
And your aesthetic is normal
I guess you're right.
So what?
The people I led into the mansion
Everyone is grateful to me
Very happy to drive me to have fun
Hahahaha
Could it be that you say their happiness is fake?
Just some poor people you brainwashed
So what?
Yes, just some of the people I brainwashed
But have you ever considered
Such a country is for a ruler
Isn't that wonderful?
You say people like this are stupid
Place of worship
Isn't it the place where I am most willing to be groomed?
What we decorate is Xiaoyao
Isn't it fun here?
Oh me
I'm not interested in discussing with you
Everyone's definition of happiness is different
If you think it's okay
Then you continue
But I have something to tell you
That's called a lot of injustice and you will die
Hahahaha
A lot of injustice will kill itself
I've waited 1,000 years for retribution
But I haven't waited until now
If you came to me to show off
I don't think it's necessary
show off
No, no, no.
I just want to show you the beauty of this Rakshasa Kingdom
After all
I haven't seen Tong from the Celestial Dynasty for a long time
So now you're done talking
Then can I go?
Don't you want to try such a happy life?